build system: rewrites (#25)
melange-re/documentation-site: docs/build-system.md

Jane
```

#### JavaScript artifacts layout

> One thing to note is that in the command above we had to look for the `app.js`

Reviewer: > One thing to note is that

remove, not adding to the sentence

Author: https://github.com/melange-re/documentation-site/pull/25/commits/3aaaa01f303e8217b4eb543966b527d3b6fd2fbf

file inside an `app` folder, but we don’t have any such folder in our sources.
This folder is the one declared in the `target` field of the `melange.emit`
stanza, which Dune will use to know where to place the generated JavaScript
artifacts.

As a more complex example, consider the following setup:

```bash
project_name/
├── dune-project
├── lib
│   ├── dune
│   └── foo.ml
└── emit
    └── dune
```

With `emit/dune` being:

```bash
(melange.emit
 (target app)
 (libraries lib))
```

And `lib/dune`:

```bash
(library
 (name lib)
 (modes melange))
```

Then, the JavaScript artifacts for `foo.ml` will be placed under:

```text
_build/default/emit/app/lib/foo.js
```

More generically:

> 

Reviewer: it's really great to have this documented, so we can point people here!

- For a `melange.emit` stanza defined in a `dune` file located in the relative
  workspace path `$melange-emit-folder`
- Which includes a `target` field named `$target`, like `(target $target)`
- For a source file called `$name.ml`, placed in the relative workspace path
  `$path-to-source-file`

The path to the generated JavaScript file from `$name.ml` will be:

```text
_build/default/$melange-emit-folder/$target/$path-to-source-file/$name.js
```

#### Guidelines for `melange.emit`

> Here are some recommendations about the `melange.emit` stanza that can help with
> the maintenance and performance of Melange projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following recommendations around `melange.emit` have been tested within
large industrial projects, and have proven to be helpful guidelines to deal with
complexity, maintenance and build performance.
```

- To simplify access to the generated JavaScript files from tools like Webpack,
  it is recommended to place the `dune` files containing the `melange.emit`

>   stanzas in the project’s root folder. This arrangement ensures that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  stanzas in the project’s root folder. This ensures that the
```
